bpo-44688: Remove ASCII limitation from `sqlite3` collation names (#27395)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

  :meth:`~sqlite3.Connection.set_authorizer`.
  (Contributed by Erlend E. Aasland in :issue:`44491`.)

> * :meth:`~sqlite3.Connection.create_collation` now accepts UTF8 collation
>   names.  Collation names with invalid characters now raise
>   :exc:`UnicodeEncodeError` instead of :exc:`sqlite3.ProgrammingError`.
>   (Contributed by Erlend E. Aasland in :issue:`44688`.)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Collation name :meth:`~sqlite3.Connection.create_collation` can now 
  contain any Unicode character.  Collation names with invalid characters
  now raise :exc:`UnicodeEncodeError` instead of :exc:`sqlite3.ProgrammingError`.
  (Contributed by Erlend E. Aasland in :issue:`44688`.)

```
